she was the first person i could like
the first girl
that i could talk to and be totally real
around i could admit that i [ __ ] hate
kids that i just want to [ __ ] stab
people
i was gonna let that one go turns out
she's a lot like me she hates kids too
and you know she has violent angry
thoughts towards people and
you know she's a misanthrope
and um
turns out she just really complimented
me i never said i like people i hate
people
some people say they hate people but i
really really hate people and i'll be
dead [ __ ] serious i'm a sadist i
enjoy hurting people uh when i just beat
the ever living [ __ ] out of somebody i
get a warm tingly feeling inside like
i'm being loved
[Music]
i know better than most
the excuse
the rationalization for vegan gains the
excuse is that when you're looking at
these videos you're not considering
evidence of who he really is or how he
really feels you're just looking
at a fictional character he portrays on
screen that you're just looking at an
act
i've raised that issue myself
in his defense you could say in the past
and it is significant the extent to
which
any of us or all of us myself included
are being theatrical
the extent to which we're even engaging
in self-parody or self-criticism by
exaggerating our own tendencies on
youtube it is significant it does matter
you do have to evaluate these things in
that context
however
when vegan gains sits down and talks
in this humble way about how he met
and how he fell in love with his wife
i think he really is giving you direct
evidence
of his psychology of the way he thinks
of the way he feels
but people can only explain
their motivations to you
to the limited extent that they're aware
of those motivations themselves
and one of the most important lessons to
learn from vegan gains is the way in
which people can be utterly corrupted
by the motivations they have that
they're not
aware of
vegan gains is someone who came on
camera who came on youtube with a clear
sense
of moral purpose
and that purpose was utterly corrupted
and in time discarded
because
simply of laziness
and love of money you know i just uh
basically want to do whatever i want
whenever i want that's how i want to
live my life and um
youtube's a pretty good way to
do that like i started youtube just for
animal activism now it's become a job
uh but it's a pretty good job
it's the only job i can get with the
most freedom possible so me and jasmine
met about six months ago i just got my
passport in the mail so i should be
headed off to belgium very soon to marry
my fiance i never really shared the
story of how me and her met jasmine sent
a message that really stood out to me
uh she's she seemed really nice and
sweet and genuine after i found out she
was a pc gamer and she was on steam and
you know she played all kinds of games
uh that's when things really hit off and
we became pretty good friends first we
were playing call of duty
and a sign to me that she might be
someone special was i just couldn't get
mad at her when i was playing call of
duty i think anyone who's watched my
streams you know i rage a lot and
we were playing call of duty together
all the time and even if she'd make our
team lose i just couldn't get mad at her
i don't play many video games actually
was not allowed to growing up and my my
parents just gave me a pencil and papers
like drop something if you're bored um
but for those who are watching who are
into video games and or commuter games
could you say um like you know your top
three your top five i know it's hard top
three video games um i absolutely love
metal gear solid five that just recently
came out
um mad max that's a game that recently
came out and that was actually my game
of the year for 2015.
i love metal gear solid three old game
from ps2 era yeah and uh probably
battlefield 3 is my favorite shooter
ever made but uh right now i'm you know
playing call of duty because the
online is kind of dead for battlefield
3.
cool yeah i played a little bit of that
with my friends and gta i know it's like
i'm about non-violence but there's
something about going around the car and
killing people it just makes me feel
kind of good
she was the first person i could like
the first girl
that i could talk to and be totally real
around i could admit that i [ __ ] hate
kids that i just want to [ __ ] stab
people turns out she's a lot like me she
hates kids too and you know she has
violent angry thoughts towards people
and
you know she's a misanthrope
turns out she just really complimented
me what motivated you to get married
obviously you have a special lady in
your life yeah it's uh more to do with
just it being easier for us to kind of
live together permanently um you know we
want to have permanent residents in each
other's countries so you know i really
want her to live down here so
you know getting married kind of makes
that easier it's not an immigration scam
but yeah
we do really love each other and we're
going to spend the rest of our lives
with each other that's the plan so yeah
you've got a vasectomy um how long ago
now
um i think it's been
three or four weeks so far three four
weeks at least yeah and uh i i actually
watched the videos that you documented
and it seems that it went pretty
smoothly yeah really well and um do you
recommend it to people who
want to get it or otherwise absolutely
um i recommend it for everyone i
honestly think everyone should be
sterilized at birth
so
you